How can I book?
Hello, you can book online on hyphen.ai, on our mobile App, by giving us a call on 555 800 4567, or by email on reservations@hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
What is the Best price Guarantee?
Hello,  we guarantee that the prices offered on our website will be the best available anywhere. If not, we will do more than match the competition. Should you find a lower rate for one of our hotels anywhere online Let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishesafter booking with us, we will match it and give you a further 25% discount. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
What is the daily rate?
Hello, you can check our rates anytime of the day on hyphen.ai or on our mobile App. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
How can I subscribe for the newsletter?
Hello, you can subsribe to our newsletter by filling the form available at the bottom of hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
How can I unsubscribe for the newsletter?
Hello, you can unsubscribe from our newsletter by clincking on UNSSUBSCRIBE next time you receive an email from us. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
At what time is check-in?
Hello, check-in is at 3.00pm. Should you wish to arrive earlier, we advise you to get in touch with our reservations team on reservations@hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
At what time is check-out?
Hello, check-out is at 12.00pm. Should you wish to leave the hotel later,  we advise you to get in touch with our reservations team on reservations@hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Do you offer handicapped rooms?
Hello, Physically challenged rooms are also available and the hotel has been designed to make all guests feel comfortable. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Is parking available at the hotel?
Hello, we offer complimentary valet parking for our hotel and restaurant guests. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Can I reserve a parking lot?
Hello, You cannot book a parking lot, but we offer complimentary valet parking to all guests. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
What are the reception opening hours?
Hello, the reception is open 24 hours a day. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Can I also book breakfast online? What does it cost?
Hello, you can book your breakfast online at time of booking or on arrival during your check-in. The price of our buffet breakfast at 3in1 is AED 125. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Is half or full board available?
Hello, half and full board are available upon request at time of reservation. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Is it possible to book spa treatments online?
Hello, Our hotel does not have its own spa area however we offer discount vouchers to The Spa at The Palace Downtown Dubai which is just across the boulevard. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Can I book tee times online?
Hello, reservations for any of our restaurants can be made on our website, hyphen.ai, on our mobile App, by phone 555 800 4567 or email help@hyphen.ai.  Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance. Best wishes
Can I bring my pet?
Hello, Unfortunately our hotel does not accommodate pets. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Where can I see the hotel rates?/ How much is a room/night?
Hello, you can check our rates anytime of the day on hyphen.ai or on our mobile App. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Are the rates per person or per room?
Hello, the rates are automatically  calculated per room per night, however you need to specify if your request is for a single or a double occupancy. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance. Best wishes
Why do the costs vary from day to day?
Hello, the rates vary depending on the season. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance. Best wishes
Can I book two rooms of different categories?
Hello, you can book two rooms of two different categories. To do so you can visit hyphen.ai, our mobile App, give us a call on 555 800 4567, or email us on reservations@hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Can I book two rooms with different occupancy?
Hello, you can book two rooms with different occupancy. To do so you can visit hyphen.ai, our mobile App, give us a call on 555 800 4567, or email us on reservations@hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Is Wi-Fi available at the hotel/in the room?
Hello, we offer complimentary high speed Wi-Fi to all of our guests in addition, a premium offer is also available at an additional fee.  Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Which size are the rooms?
Hello, we have rooms in four different categories and their size vary from 32m² to 140m². Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Can I reserve a table in a restaurant?
Hello, reservations for any of our restaurants can be made on our website, hyphen.ai, on our mobile App, by phone 555 800 4567 or email help@hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance. Best wishes
Do you offer non-smoking rooms?
Hello, all of our rooms are non-smoking however you can smoke in the designated areas. Best wishes
Do you offer child rates?
Hello, 3in1 offers meals adapted to kids. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance. Best wishes
Can I use the spa area even if I am not staying in your hotel?
Hello, unfortunately we do not have a spa. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance. Best wishes
Can I use the spa area after checking out?
Hello, unfortunately we do not have a spa. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance. Best wishes
How do I know if the hotel is bookable?
Hello, You can check the availability of the hotel on hyphen.ai, on our mobile App, by giving us a call on 555 800 4567, or by email on reservations@hyphen.ai. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Are special requests, such as gluten-free meals or feather-free pillows, manageable?
Hello, We do offer gluten-free meals and feather-free pillows. We do our very best to fulfil all the special requests. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
How many rooms can be booked at once?
Hello, you are most welcome to book as many rooms as our availability offers. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Can I book without credit card?
Hello, You can only book without credit card as walkin and by providing advance payment cash. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Which online payment methods do you offer?
Hello, we offer Visa and Mastercard online payment methods. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Is my credit card being charged at time of booking?
Hello, when booking directly from our websites, the credit card is only used to guarantee the booking. The full payment will be processed at time of check-out. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
How can I change or cancel my reservation?
Hello, if you would like to change your reservation, the best wau is to contact us directly by phone on 555 800 4567, or by email on reservations@hyphen.ai. You can cancel your reservation untill 6.00pm on the date of arrival, if the reservation has been made directly with us, and does not include any offers. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
By when do I have to cancel my booking, if I have to?
Hello, your reservation can be cancelled before 6.00 pm on the arrival date if you booked directly with us and does not use any special offer. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes
Can I check-in without my reservation number?
Hello, you are welcome to check-in without the reservation number, but we do require a valid passport or Emirates ID from every guest staying with us. Do not hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other help. Best wishes